Nobody cares!!!
You should just delete that
It is a shame you have an access to the internet
If only closed minds came with closed mouths
You are about as useful as a knitted condom
You are so ugly you make blind kids cry
If I throw a stick, will you leave?
I'll never forget the first time we met. But I'll keep trying
Hold still. I'm trying to imagine you with a personality
You are the human version of period cramps
OH MY GOD! IT SPEAKS!
I see the fuck-up fairy has visited us again!
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world
Is your ass jealous of the amount of shit that just came out of your mouth?
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ
When you were born the doctor threw you out the window and the window threw you back
Your only chance of getting laid is to crawl up a chicken butt and wait
If you were an inanimate object, you'd be a participation trophy
I hope your spouse brings a date to your funeral
Isn't it dangerous to use your whole vocabulary in one sentence?
Stupidity isn't a crime, so you're free to go
The people who tolerate you on a daily basis are the real heroes
What doesn't kill you, disappoints me
I could eat a bowl of alphabet soup and poop out a smarter statement than whatever you just said
You're about as useful as an ashtray on a motorcycle
Aww, it's so cute when you try to talk about things you don't understand
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?

# Insults referring user's name

Shut up, $!
Choke on dick, $!
My middle finger salutes you, $
$, I treasure the time I do not spend with you
I thought of $ today. It reminded me to take out the trash
It's impossible to underestimate $
$ is the reason God created the middle finger
I believed in evolution until I met $
$ is proof that evolution can go in reverse
$ smells like hot dog water
I'd say $ is dumb as a rock, but at least a rock can hold a door open
$ is the reason why shampoo has instructions
People like $ are the reason God doesn't talk to us anymore